Theme: Summoning

Ideas:

some sort of infinite game?


GENERAL IDEAS:
procedural level generation
infinite
play against ur past self





2d top down game
first act: you collect items to create a summoning ritual, puzzle to figure out how to place them in the correct place/activate things in the correct time (all procedural and random)
  items to collect:
    1. apples from trees (surrounded by forest and apple trees)
    2. candles (laid around the forest, lots of candles, but less than trees)
    3. need to light candles with fire, need to create fire (place 5(or different amount) of wood in fire pit to start fire and use 1 extra wood to carry fire to candles, light candles at right time, also able to put out candles (same button as wind force push in act 2))
second act: you play as the ghost of your former self... cameras starts by following playback character of yourself but then you break free (hold move buttons for a few short seconds to break free and become ghost moving freely from ur past self-acting self, but u cant directly stop or control ur past self)
  you must create your own ghostly summoning ritual before ur past self does
  collect skulls and magic purple soul candles to use in ur ritual
  unlike in act 1, can place candles and skulls together in same slot (candle on top of skull)
  can light and unlight candles at will, need to light at specific timing (with ghost wind or something?)
    how?:
      use wind force push!
      1. use wind force push to know down and move items your past self tries to collect to create the ritual
      2. use wind force to push ur past self away (with cooldown, makes ur ghost character dizzy and needs a few seconds to get urself together)
    how to win/lose?
      how to win:
        - create ghost-realm summoning ritual BEFORE ur past self
        - can still interrupt and harrass past-self but its not the core gameplay of act 2
      how to lose:
        - fail to stop ur character from creating the summoning portal
    what happens if u win/lose?
      if you win/lose, play game in act 1 again BUT alongside ur past playthroughs!






2d top down game, you have to do X but slowly, past versions of yourself get summoned (and do exactly what you do! just in a delay) and you have a conflicting goal than of ur past clones






at first u collect and bring items to make satanic ritual and open devil portal
then devils start infinitely spawning from the portal (summoning)
you must close the portal! but the spawned demons try to stop u (how?) from closing the portal meanwhile they keep spawning (forever)
fight the demons to close the portal (how?)







player controls 2d character summoning mini-devils (satanic ritual look-alike thingies)
each summoned devil helps player summon more devils (automatically, npc like, can not be controlled at all)




pushing/pulling/forcing parts in a level to the center to summon creature...
summoning creature erupts the universe (level, player character and environment) and scrambles everything and player has to start again
endless game (get most score in time)